in the 36th year of the reign of ASA
in the 36th year of the reign of ASA Bear sure king of Israel came up against
Bear sure king of Israel came up against
Bear sure king of Israel came up against Judah and built Ramah that he might let
Judah and built Ramah that he might let
Judah and built Ramah that he might let none go out or come in to ASA king of
none go out or come in to ASA king of
none go out or come in to ASA king of Judah then ASA brought silver and gold
Judah then ASA brought silver and gold
Judah then ASA brought silver and gold from the Treasuries of the house of the
from the Treasuries of the house of the
from the Treasuries of the house of the Lord and of the king's house and sent to
Lord and of the king's house and sent to
Lord and of the king's house and sent to ben-hadad king of syria who dwelt in
ben-hadad king of syria who dwelt in
ben-hadad king of syria who dwelt in damascus let there be a treaty between
damascus let there be a treaty between
damascus let there be a treaty between you and me as there was between my
you and me as there was between my
you and me as there was between my father and you our Father see I have
father and you our Father see I have
father and you our Father see I have sent you silver and gold come break your
sent you silver and gold come break your
sent you silver and gold come break your treaty with bayaud king of Israel so
treaty with bayaud king of Israel so
treaty with bayaud king of Israel so that he will withdraw from me so Ben
that he will withdraw from me so Ben
that he will withdraw from me so Ben Hadad heeded King ASA and sent the
Hadad heeded King ASA and sent the
Hadad heeded King ASA and sent the captains of his armies against the
captains of his armies against the
captains of his armies against the cities of Israel they attacked I John
cities of Israel they attacked I John
cities of Israel they attacked I John Dan Abel maeín and all the storage
Dan Abel maeín and all the storage
Dan Abel maeín and all the storage cities of Naphtali now it happened when
cities of Naphtali now it happened when
cities of Naphtali now it happened when Bear sure heard it but he stopped
Bear sure heard it but he stopped
Bear sure heard it but he stopped building Ramar and ceased his work then
building Ramar and ceased his work then
building Ramar and ceased his work then King ASA took all Judah and they carried
King ASA took all Judah and they carried
King ASA took all Judah and they carried away the stones and timber of Ramah
away the stones and timber of Ramah
away the stones and timber of Ramah which bear sure had used for building
which bear sure had used for building
which bear sure had used for building and with them he built Kiba and Misbah
and with them he built Kiba and Misbah
and with them he built Kiba and Misbah and at that time Hanina the seer came to
and at that time Hanina the seer came to
and at that time Hanina the seer came to a sir King of Judah and said to him
a sir King of Judah and said to him
a sir King of Judah and said to him because you have relied on the king of
because you have relied on the king of
because you have relied on the king of Syria and have not relied and the Lord
Syria and have not relied and the Lord
Syria and have not relied and the Lord your God therefore the farmy of the king
your God therefore the farmy of the king
your God therefore the farmy of the king of syria has escaped from your hand were
of syria has escaped from your hand were
of syria has escaped from your hand were the Ethiopians and the Lubin not a huge
the Ethiopians and the Lubin not a huge
the Ethiopians and the Lubin not a huge army with very many chariots and
army with very many chariots and
army with very many chariots and horsemen yet because you relied on the
horsemen yet because you relied on the
horsemen yet because you relied on the Lord he delivered them into your hand
Lord he delivered them into your hand
Lord he delivered them into your hand for the eyes of the Lord run to and fro
for the eyes of the Lord run to and fro
for the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth to show
throughout the whole earth to show
throughout the whole earth to show himself strong on behalf of those whose
himself strong on behalf of those whose
himself strong on behalf of those whose heart is loyal to him in this you have
heart is loyal to him in this you have
heart is loyal to him in this you have done foolishly therefore from now on you
done foolishly therefore from now on you
done foolishly therefore from now on you shall have then ASA was angry with the
shall have then ASA was angry with the
shall have then ASA was angry with the seer and put him in prison for he was
seer and put him in prison for he was
seer and put him in prison for he was enraged at him because of this and ASA
enraged at him because of this and ASA
enraged at him because of this and ASA oppressed some of the people at that
oppressed some of the people at that
oppressed some of the people at that time
time
time note that the acts of ASA first and last
note that the acts of ASA first and last
note that the acts of ASA first and last are indeed written in the book of the
are indeed written in the book of the
are indeed written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel and in the
kings of Judah and Israel and in the
kings of Judah and Israel and in the 39th year of his reign ASA became
39th year of his reign ASA became
39th year of his reign ASA became diseased in his feet and his malady was
diseased in his feet and his malady was
diseased in his feet and his malady was severe yet in his disease he did not
severe yet in his disease he did not
severe yet in his disease he did not seek the Lord but the physicians so ASA
seek the Lord but the physicians so ASA
seek the Lord but the physicians so ASA rested with his father's he died in the
rested with his father's he died in the
rested with his father's he died in the 41st year of his reign
41st year of his reign
41st year of his reign they buried him in his own tomb which he
they buried him in his own tomb which he
they buried him in his own tomb which he had made for himself in the City of
had made for himself in the City of
had made for himself in the City of David and they laid him in the bed which
David and they laid him in the bed which
David and they laid him in the bed which was filled with spices and various
was filled with spices and various
was filled with spices and various ingredients prepared in a mixture of
ingredients prepared in a mixture of
ingredients prepared in a mixture of ointments they made a very great burning
ointments they made a very great burning
ointments they made a very great burning for him
for him
for him you